hey whats up guys come at sixty bobbya
from ubs on youtube brand new secret
rooms on them up express using the care
package while reaching technique the
first secret room is in the secret room
right here sorry we haven't been
uploading these past couple weeks we've
been really busy with like working and
Nick's been going to school so we
haven't really had managed up tight
there glitch that much goods and there's
that we could have glitch together the
PSN methods worked out one dancer but
luck for us but we're back with two cool
secret rooms hope you guys enjoy them
what you need to do was throw a care
package course to where you want to
breach and get another one to roll
inside yeah and it should reach a late
this one sometimes you need to jump on
the person's head which you'll see in
the second secret room well for this one
it was a solo breach these just really
lucky these solar breaches sometimes
like this one was vertical care package
so if you're worried like preaching and
you never breached then it's a vertical
there's probably like it possible to
bridge someone in if you're doing up
someone say because you can't really
like it that ends us in our opinion we
were just kind of stop what you're doing
and left me up on they've actually
preaching them hope you guys enjoy that
first secret room the second seeker room
is not the best but it's a seeker room
on the last as it was pretty cool and
you do the exact same thing is the first
cig around the care package for
breaching technique when we were doing
the secret room you thought as soon as
we breach the other little gap you could
possibly get outside the map panic
aftermath where you don't need breach
like an outside map are you it's kind of
reaches secret room or you're elevating
to like a secret room and then you could
possibly your leg outside the map but
unfortunately for this one's just a
secret room so we decided to put this
with the first secret room so I'll hope
you guys enjoyed this one as well and as
I said on the first for each of you get
a good preacher like this one which
isn't vertical it'll just push you
through the wall sometimes it might not
push you through the wall it might just
breacher inside the care package still
you won't be able to get anywhere
as you see here you just gotta keep
jumping on the heads jumping jumping
jumping and eventually you should either
push through or just one breach of God
that's best the only thing you have to
do when you're preaching this keep
jumping on the heads and if that's not
working out then you yourself the one is
breaching should jump also when they're
drumming at the same time so kind of
like time you jump so soon as you jump
you jump online jump on their head and
as you see here yes basically as soon as
you get in the room thyroid oculus jump
now you're in the secret room right here
we could shoot around or if you want all
sort of thanks to in the first secret
room we had to subscribe to help us
thank you guys to helping us we've got
your guys's names you'll probably see
yourself in the video if you watch this
video hope you guys enjoy this video
please like comment and subscribe and
see the next video
you